<ARTIST>a1</ARTIST><TITULO>"I Got Sunshine"</TITULO><LYRICS>

[Intro:] 
(Sunshine) Feels so good on an easy groove, groove 
Just relax (sunshine) 'cos it feels so free to do, 
to do--I got sunshine

I feel good today--kinda funny in a special way, 
can't quite explain can't seem to get this smile
off my face (smile off my face) Saw your lonely
night--everything's gonna be alright, but right
now I'm gettin' out, steppin' out in the light
(ah, ah, ah, ah) I've got high emotion and it's, 
all for you--got this, crazy notion that you feel
the same way too Got my dreams in motion and a sky
so blue, and I, I don't think it's gonna rain
today--are you coming out to play? 

[Chorus:] 
I got sunshine in my life and it shines so bright 
And I feel so high, I can reach the sky 'cos I got
sunshine--oh yeah, I got sunshine Got things to
do, got plans to make for me and you 'cos it's
always cool To find out there's something new
[ Find more Lyrics on http://mp3lyrics.org/j2u ]
(goin' down) Goin' down tonight (tonight), gonna
dance, gonna feel alright--but right now I'm
gettin' out, steppin' out in the light (ah, ah, 
ah, ah) I've got high emotion and it's all for
you--got this crazy notion that you feel the same
way too Got my dreams in motion and a sky so blue
and I, I don't think it's gonna rain today--are
you coming out to play? 

[Chorus] 
(Ah, ah) Sunshine, 
feels so good--bringing out the vibe to the
neighbourhood So lay right back, back for an easy
groove, groove--into the boogie like you already
should Just relax (sunshine) and let it flow right
through ya 'cos it feels so free to do, to do My
head's trippin' 'cos I know you're mine--I got
sunshine, I got sunshine (Oh... sunshine) Got
sweet sunlight (alright) and it shines so bright
(Sunshine) Yeah, I feel so high (alright, yeah) I
can reach the sky (Sunshine) 'Cos me and you
(alright) found something new (sunshine) it's a
dream come true so I (I...) 

[Chorus x2] 

'Cos I got sunshine (I got sunshine) Oh, oh, oh, yeah, 
'cos I got sunshine (I got sunshine) Oh...baby, 
I've got sunshine
</LYRICS>